# The Famers

Sammy 'the Scrivener' Skervesen specializes in the creation and artistic manipulation of dry, bureaucratic documentation. He is tall and thin, but not weak looking, and has a thick head of black hair with creeping gray at the roots. He stands on a wooden platform, clearly built with shaking hands and a lack of craft that only passes as acceptable because it isn't meant to last long.

Four three-meter wooden legs hold up a six-square-meter platform and Sammy doesn't look scared enough for the cameras. Ratings, down almost thirteen percent in the past year, are in desperate need of the kind of boost only pants-pissing fear can provide. Tens of thousands of pieces of paper, mostly standard letter size, rustle around in the confines of a circular metal enclosure meant to keep them in the vicinity of the platform and the combustible accelerant in which it has been doused.

Sammy's first truly successful piece, released only in hardcopy and with all of the pages intentionally and irreversibly glued together during the fabrication process, entitled A Manual on Manual Manual Destruction, provides the sturdy base on which the paper pile sits. The five hundred copies have been placed carefully by Sammy himself in a sort of leatherbound carpet of unreadable and unread corporate instructional material.

The sodium lights loom over the center of the outdoor auditorium, six of them standing around hexagonally on tripod legs. The press crowd a white tent to stay out of the torrential rain. Most other spectators stand shoulder to shoulder in a tight circle around the central platform, with older people and VIPs seated in what can only be described as fancy lawnchairs. All seem oblivious to the rain, cheering and pumping fists and chanting SAM-EE or SCRI-VE-NER.

Announcers stand in front of handheld 8k-resolution broadcasting cameras pointed at them by excited mostly intern camera operators, most of whom were only thirty minutes ago snorting something crushed and pharmaceutical from the roof of a production assistant's Volkswagen Autonomouse minicar. Pupils are dilated to the point of colorless blackness while steady hands hold steady cameras up to their eyes, the pupils' eyes. Action Five-Thousand, NewsImmediately.com and C-SPAN are broadcasting live, talking heads talking and camera operators panning cameras and all of the seventy-seven thousand digital super-definition channels available to the United States' connected citizenry interrupting their regularly scheduled programming for another exciting episode of The Famers.

Five excrutiatingly excited spectators are chosen at random by the Authorities and given the excrutiatingly exciting privilege of holding the hoses which, only moments after they point them at the platform, are spraying high-potency accelerant all over Sammy and the books and the platform. The substance exits the hoses in a wide arc during which it dissolves into a fine mist. Onlookers with particularly exceptional vision can see a rainbow in the spray. 

Seven large, industrial-large fans activate all around the platform to prevent any of the mist from leaving the focal point of the festivities, Sammy and a fifteen-meter radius around him. The cheers are by now so loud and constant that they down out the sound of the massive fans. The cacophony coalesces into a unified steady hum of near-deafening celebration. Sammy is crying lightly and making a face that somehow cycles between sadness, fear and joy, but not like he can't decide what he's feeling, just like he's simultaneously feeling all three.

