# The Doomed Limbs

Piano wire does not cut through flesh with the speed you might expect from a lifetime of watching horror movie gore. Every turn of the crank tightened the wire around the doomed limb. But the epidermis is resilient and can resist such pressure for a surprisingly long time. Rope holds the hands and ankles to the gurney. Leather straps hold the neck and forehead in place. Specula keep the eyes open and a strange rig consisting of an intravenous pole, a rubber diaphragm and some sort of timer instrument is used to drip saline into the eyes. First the drops came every ten seconds. But the time between drops had been increasing. Drops now came every minute.

The mirror hung from an articulating metal arm attached to the ceiling and was perfectly position above the thigh, showing the crank and the piano wire as well as the doomed limb. It first showed that every movement in struggle against the bindings somehow contributed to the crank's unforgiving motion. In fact, when the subject ceased struggling, the crank stopped. This went on for hours until the subject had a nearly transcendent control of even the most minute muscular movements.

But then, with no warning and for no discernible reason, the crank began to turn steadily, about one quarter revolution every minute or so. The skin of the subject's leg resisted and resisted. There was a buildup of anticipation, as much in the flesh itself as in the subject's mind. Purplish hues blossomed out from either side of the wire as it pushed harder against the thigh, forming a valley between the two bulging hills of fatty flesh it was determined to divide.

There was no great crimson explosion when the time came. The wire simply exceeded some maximum pressure endurance attribute of the flesh and sank into it like a knife into a birthday cake. The subject moaned through the gag. When the wire reached the bone the crank slowed and struggled but did not stop its unfeeling work. The subject's body became rigid, the back curling up from the gurney and the legs, unfortunately, extending. This sent the wire horizontally forward toward the subject's upper thigh, separating a large chunk of blood vessel and muscle and fatty tissue from the bone before sliding back into the groove it had started making in the femur.

The subject's eyes rolled into the back of the head and consciousness appeared to leave it. The piano wire sliced finally to the marrow and the crank automatically deactivated. Two orderlies entered the subject's room. One of them moved the gurney and attached the wire to the next limb while the other filled a syringe with epinephrine and plunged it into the subject's heart, depressing the piston and watching with reserved satisfaction when the subject's eyes rolled rapidly forward. The orderlies then left the room without speaking a word.

The drops did not come this time, and the crank did not pause this time. All was pain.
